---
title: Articles of Organization
description: Tentative Articles of Organization for filing in Colorado
---

import { organizationName } from '../../constants';
import { Address } from '../../components/address';
import { Ref, makeRef } from '../../components/sets/documents/ref';

export const Purpose = makeRef({ comment: "Purpose", articleNumber: 4 });
export const BoardConsiderations = makeRef({ comment: "Board of Directors", articleNumber: 7, section: "2" });
export const LimitedLiability = makeRef({ comment: "Limitation on Director Liability", articleNumber: 8 });
export const Indemnification = makeRef({ comment: "Indemnification", articleNumber: 9 });
export const BylawsAmendment = makeRef({ comment: "Amendment of Bylaws", articleNumber: 10 });

# Articles of Organization<br/>{organizationName}
Filed pursuant to ยง 7-58-302 and ยง 7-58-303 of the Colorado Revised Statutes
(**C.R.S.**)

## Name

The domestic entity name of the limited cooperative association is
**{organizationName}**.

## Principal Office

The principal office address of the limited cooperative association's initial
principal office is

> <Address data={['TODO', '(If a P.O. Box, then include mailing address)']} />

## Registered Agent

The registered agent name and registered agent address of the limited
cooperative association's initial registered agent are

> <Address data={['TODO', '(If a P.O. Box, then include mailing address)']} />

The person appointed as registered agent has consented to being so appointed.

## Purpose

The purposes for which the Cooperative is organized are to transact all lawful
business for which Cooperatives may be incorporated pursuant to the ULCAA, and
to create a material positive impact on society and the environment, taken as a
whole, from the business and operations of the Cooperative.

## Organizers

The true names and addresses of the persons organizing the limited cooperative
association are:

1. Matthew John DeKrey
    > <Address data={['TODO']} />

2. Abraham David French
    > <Address data={['TODO']} />

3. Kevin Whitaker
    > <Address data={['TODO']} />

4. Markie Marie Arnold
    > <Address data={['TODO']} />

## Preemptive Rights/Cumulative Voting

The Cooperative's members ("**Members**") shall not have preemptive rights and
cumulative voting is not permitted for any Members.

## Board of Directors

1. The corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority of, and the
business and affairs of the Cooperative shall be managed under the direction of,
the board of directors of the Cooperative (the "**Board**" or "**Board of
Directors**", and each a "**Director**")  which shall be elected in accordance
with the Cooperative's bylaws, as may be amended from time to time
("**Bylaws**").

2. With respect to any matter before the Board for a vote, consideration, or
   other action, each Director shall be entitled to consider the following
   factors, among any other factors such Director deems relevant, in connection
   with determining the best interests of the Cooperative and the Members with
   respect to such matter:

    <section data-lower-alpha>

    1. the near-term, mid-term and long-term prospects and interests of the
       Cooperative and the Members;

    2. the social, economic, community, creative, legal and other effects the
       determination of such matter may have on those materially affected by the
       Cooperative's conduct, including: (i) current and past Members; (ii) current
       and retired employees; (iii) customers, vendors, suppliers, subcontractors,
       independent contractors, strategic partners and joint venturers; and (iv)
       the communities in which the Cooperative operates;

    3. customary cooperative principles and values, applied in the context of
       each decision;

    4. the effect the determination of such matter may have on the environment
       and the economy of the communities in which the Cooperative operates; and

    5. whether the determination of such matter advances the Cooperative's
       purpose, as defined in <Purpose /> above.

    </section>

3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing set forth in <BoardConsiderations /> above is
   intended to or shall:

    <section data-lower-alpha>

    1. create any additional fiduciary or other duties of any kind on the part
       of the Cooperative or any Director owed to the Members or any of the parties
       specified in <BoardConsiderations /> above;

    2. increase or expand the liabilities of the Cooperative or any Director or
       otherwise limit any defenses available to the Cooperative or any Director in
       connection with any claims, legal actions, lawsuits or other proceedings;
       and

    3. create any additional or special rights or causes of action in favor of
       the Members or any other third party, including without limitation, any of
       the third parties specified in this <BoardConsiderations /> above.

    </section>

4. The Board shall have full power and authority to determine the terms and
   manner of issue, including, but not limited to, the consideration therefor,
   and to issue or cause the issue of all shares of capital stock of the
   Cooperative now or from time to time hereafter authorized.

5. Each Director or officer of the Cooperative shall in the performance of his
   or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books of
   account of the Cooperative, reports made to the Cooperative by and of its
   officers or employees or by counsel, accountants, appraisers or other experts
   or consultants selected with reasonable care by the Directors or officers of
   the Cooperative or upon other records of the Cooperative.

6. As of the Effective Date of these Articles, the Board shall consist of the
   following individuals:

    <section data-lower-alpha>

    1. Matthew John DeKrey
    2. Abraham David French
    3. Kevin Whitaker
    4. Markie Marie Arnold

    </section>


## Limitation on Director Liability

A Director shall not be personally liable to the Cooperative or to the Members
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a Director; except that
this <LimitedLiability /> shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a
Director to the Cooperative or to the Members for monetary damages otherwise
existing for (a) any breach of the Director's duty of loyalty to the Cooperative
or to the Members; (b) acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; (c) acts specified in
Sections 7-58-818 of the ULCAA; (d) acts specified in Section 7-108-403 of the
Colorado Business Corporation Act; or (e) any transaction from which such
Director directly or indirectly derived any improper personal benefit. If the
Colorado Business Corporation Act or the ULCAA is hereafter amended to eliminate
or limit further the liability of a Director, then, in addition to the
elimination and limitation of liability provided by the preceding sentences of
this <LimitedLiability />, the liability of each Director shall be eliminated or
limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Colorado Business Corporation Act
or ULCAA so amended. Any repeal or modification of this <LimitedLiability />
shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a Director under this
<LimitedLiability />, as in effect immediately prior to such repeal or
modification, with respect to any liability that would have accrued, but for
this <LimitedLiability />, prior to such repeal or modification.

## Indemnification

The Cooperative shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law in effect from time to time, any person, and the estate and personal
representative of any such person, against all liability and expense (including
attorney's fees) incurred by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a
Director or officer of the Cooperative or, while serving as a Director or
officer of the Cooperative, he or she is or was serving at the request of the
Cooperative as a Director, officer, partner, trustee, employee, fiduciary, or
agent of, or in any similar managerial or fiduciary position of, another
domestic or foreign cooperative or other individual or entity or of an employee
benefit plan. The Cooperative shall also indemnify any person who is serving or
has served the Cooperative as Director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent,
and the estate and personal representative of any such person, to the extent and
in the manner provided in any bylaw, resolution of the Board or the Members,
contract, or otherwise, so long as such provision is legally permissible.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this <Indemnification />,
such indemnity shall not extend to conduct not undertaken in good faith to
promote the best interests of the Cooperative, nor to any recklessness or
willful misconduct; and, provided further, that this indemnification shall be
limited to the total assets of the Cooperative.

## Amendment of Bylaws

Except for the matters set out C.R.S. 7-58-405 subsection (5), the Board may
make, amend, or repeal any provision of the Bylaws without Member approval. If
the Board amends the Bylaws in accordance with this <BylawsAmendment />, it
shall provide a description of any such amendment to Members in a record not
later than 30 (thirty) days after the amendment, but the description may be
provided at the next annual members meeting if the meeting is held within the
thirty-day period.
